Then, I tried to see,
what are the large files?
So, I want to sort things by content size.
So, I want to know what are the file that actually are
big in my weblog that were requested.
So, this time, I go and use the SQL syntax.
I do that. This doesn't look good.
This is content size desk,
why does it look like this?
This can't be, can you guess why?
Well, because this is actually sorted as strings,
not sorted as integers, that's our bird.
That's really our bird,
because we have the content size here,
if you look at the schema.
Everything is key value and everything is a string,
and we did not actually convert the contents size.
You might look here and see that everything is still like that.
Even the thing that we meant as int,
when we return it back,
it is key value and both are strings.
So, let's fix that.
How do we fix this?
We go here.
So, we go and we make another expression,
and we cost the content size as int.
You could have also done this by calling also,
the cast from the Function here directly.
I'm trying to use the various syntaxes of sparks,
you're aware of them all.
So, dfCleanTyped.limits(5).toPandas, will give us the content size.
Well, it looks correct.
I wouldn't be able to spot it with my eyes.
I could print the schema tool to make sure,
but I'm going to go ahead and make another table from the cleanuntyped table.
I'm going to sort again.
That looks much much nicer.
So, indeed, it seems that there is a JPEG video,
which is actually, was a big one.
I guess, you can go and you can try on your own to clean the date column.
I guess, there's a hint from the past exercise.